what up y'all you already see the
receipt to the store bestbuy-c also know
what day it is it gives el yo-yo the new
classic only at bestbuy includes two
bonus remixes now I did go to target but
they only had peeped a Shah the standard
edition for 1399 the standard I'm like
nah fuck that so I go to bestbuy know my
girl whatever and I ended up not even
getting I was gonna get it by the end of
the day I was already bought the
standard edition so I wasn't trippin so
she ended up grabbing this one for me
and I ended up giving her the standard
edition you know so shout-out to my girl
and um I got her future album you did
what I'm saying I got that from target I
didn't really uh I wasn't thinking about
doing the fucking opening of it I said I
did that shit but at the end of the day
it is what it is but y'all start
reviewing the album you already know I
fucked with basic CD you know I think
you know it matches her outfit you know
so oh she did the lyrics to the song so
that's at i actually like what artists
do that you know what i mean so for
people that probably couldn't understand
what she was saying i wanted to know how
she said it or how i said they got the
lyrics to the song so that's basically
what the booklet is is so far no photo
shoot she does basically chose to put
the lyrics and a booklet and the only
picture you have is just this I can't
say that that's a bad thing or a good
thing but it would have been dope if we
could have got like some form of you
know pictures in there you know what i
mean by the end of the day it is what it
is so the two bonuses is fancy a GTA la
mix remix I mean and bounce gesture
remix so at the end of the day is two
songs that I fuck with one of them which
is fancy for
his dope and balance I don't fuck with
that guy watch my review the only two
tracks I don't fuck with his fucked love
and balanced I think those two should
have not even been on here you know I'm
saying but at the end of the day it is
what it is so yeah man I can tell you at
the new classic which over time I
definitely feel it will be a classic
because you definitely can listen to
this album all the way through you know
what I mean regardless of the songs that
I don't fuck what I don't like I still
can just sit there and listen to them
they're tolerable it's not where I just
want to skip the motherfuckers you feel
me but yeah I picked that up and I was
going to make this a double I'm opening
but you know make it separate because it
is her day so i'ma let her rot but yeah
man it wasn't bad i picked it up so let
me know alba me i picked up today man
peace